README.md, before:

This is a script for modding a Nintendo 3ds, based on the guides provided at https://3ds.hacks.guide

Instructions to run:

Go to the releases tab

Download whichever version you would like to use

Run the file

Requirements:

Python 3.9

Windows

ALL LIBRARIES USED IN THE SCRIPT COME DEFAULT WITH PYTHON, NOTHING ELSE NEEDS TO BE INSTALLED IF YOU HAVE PYTHON 3.9

This program will download files to your computer, all file download sources will be listed below, as well as commented in the source code

This program also assumes you're running on Windows. I may make a cross platform script at some point, but I don't have a Mac or Linux machine to troubleshoot on, so it may never happen

This was made for a school project, it will NOT be the most up to date guide. For the most up to date guides, please visit the hacks.guide website or their discords

CREDITS:

MSET9 exploit: https://github.com/hacks-guide/MSET9

super-skaterhax exploit: https://github.com/zoogie/super-skaterhax

Luma3DS custom firmware: https://github.com/LumaTeam/Luma3DS

SafeB9SInstaller script: https://github.com/d0k3/SafeB9SInstaller

boot9strap bootloader: https://github.com/SciresM/boot9strap

FBI program: https://github.com/lifehackerhansol/FBI

Homebrew Launcher Loader program: https://github.com/PabloMK7/homebrew_launcher_dummy

Anemone program: https://github.com/astronautlevel2/Anemone3DS

Checkpoint program: https://github.com/bernardogiordano/checkpoint

ftpd program: https://github.com/mtheall/ftpd

Universal-Updater program: https://github.com/Universal-Team/Universal-Updater/

GodMode9 firmware: https://github.com/d0k3/GodMode9

Finalization scripts: https://github.com/hacks-guide/finalize/

Commit message:

Updated README.md with information about Linux support

README.md, after:

This is a script for modding a Nintendo 3ds, based on the guides provided at https://3ds.hacks.guide

Instructions to run:

Go to the releases tab

Download whichever version you would like to use

Run the file

Requirements:

Python 3.9

Windows/Linux

No external libraries need to be installed on Windows, however on linux you will need to install the tkinter library using the following command

sudo apt install python3-tk

This program will download files to your computer, all file download sources will be listed below, as well as commented in the source code

This program also assumes you're running on Windows. I may make a cross platform script at some point, but I don't have a Mac or Linux machine to troubleshoot on, so it may never happen

This was made for a school project, it will NOT be the most up to date guide. For the most up to date guides, please visit the hacks.guide website or their discords

CREDITS:

MSET9 exploit: https://github.com/hacks-guide/MSET9

super-skaterhax exploit: https://github.com/zoogie/super-skaterhax

Luma3DS custom firmware: https://github.com/LumaTeam/Luma3DS

SafeB9SInstaller script: https://github.com/d0k3/SafeB9SInstaller

boot9strap bootloader: https://github.com/SciresM/boot9strap

FBI program: https://github.com/lifehackerhansol/FBI

Homebrew Launcher Loader program: https://github.com/PabloMK7/homebrew_launcher_dummy

Anemone program: https://github.com/astronautlevel2/Anemone3DS

Checkpoint program: https://github.com/bernardogiordano/checkpoint

ftpd program: https://github.com/mtheall/ftpd

Universal-Updater program: https://github.com/Universal-Team/Universal-Updater/

GodMode9 firmware: https://github.com/d0k3/GodMode9

Finalization scripts: https://github.com/hacks-guide/finalize/
